Docs: Improve ease of docs on templating labels and annotations (#63300)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/fundamentals/annotation-label/variables-label-annotation.md

> In Grafana it is possible to template labels and annotations just like in Prometheus. Those who have used Prometheus before should be familiar with `$labels` and `$value` as these variables contain the labels and value of the alert. You can use the same variables in Grafana to template labels and annotations, even if the alert does not use a Prometheus datasource.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Grafana, you can template labels and annotations just like in Prometheus. Those who have used Prometheus before should be familiar with `$labels` and `$value` as these variables contain the labels and value of the alert. You can use the same variables in Grafana to template labels and annotations, even if the alert does not use a Prometheus data source.

```

> ## Printing labels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Print labels
```

> Suppose you want to create an alert rule that fires when an instance is down for more than 5 minutes. You want the alert to contain a summary telling you which instance is down. You can do this by creating a summary annotation that prints the instance label and the message "has been down for more than 5 minutes".
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to create an alert rule that fires when an instance is down for more than 5 minutes and you want the alert to contain a summary telling you which instance is down, create a summary annotation that prints the instance label and the message "has been down for more than 5 minutes".

```

Instance {{ index $labels "instance.name" }} has been down for more than 5 minutes
```

> ## Printing the ValueString

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Print the ValueString
```

You can print the value of the alert with `$value`. However, where `$value` in Prometheus is a floating point number containing the value of the expression, in Grafana it is is a string containing the labels and values of all Threshold, Reduce and Maths expressions from the alert rule definition. It does not contain time series or tabular data, as a single query can return anywhere from 1 to 10,000s of rows or metrics.

> This `$value` variable is called the ValueString. If you were to use it in the template of a summary annotation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This `$value` variable is called the ValueString. If you use it in the template of a summary annotation:
```

```
{{ $labels.instance }} has an average 95th percentile request latency above 1s: {{ $value }})
```

> you would get the following summary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you get the following summary:
```

```
http_server has an average 95th percentile request latency above 1s: [ var='B' labels={instance=http_server} value=10 ]
```

> ## Printing the values of individual expressions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Print the values of individual expressions
```

You can also print the values of individual expressions with `$values`. For example, if you have an alert rule with a Reduce expression `B` and a Math expression `C`, you can print just the value of `B`:

```
{{ $labels.instance }} has an average 95th percentile request latency above 1s: {{ $values.B }}
```

> and then you would get this summary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you get this summary:
```
